OSSM-8507 Migration guide for multitenant 2.6 (#86917)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-migrating-multitenant-workloads-with-cert-manager.adoc

[NOTE]
====
You can migrate workloads and gateways separately, and in any order. For more information, see "Migrating gateways".
====

.Procedure

. Find the current `IstioRevision` for your {SMProduct} 3.0 control plane by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get istios istio-tenant-a
----
+
.Example output
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME             REVISIONS   READY   IN USE   ACTIVE REVISION   STATUS    VERSION   AGE
istio-tenant-a   1           1       0        istio-tenant-a    Healthy   v1.24.1   30s
----
+
[NOTE]
====
The naming format of your revisions depends on which upgrade strategy you choose for your `Istio` instance.
====

. Copy the `ACTIVE REVISION` to use as your `istio.io/rev` label in the next step.

. Update injection labels on the `dataplane` namespace by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc label ns bookinfo istio.io/rev=istio-tenant-a maistra.io/ignore-namespace="true" --overwrite=true
----
+
This adds the following labels to the namespace:
+
.. The `istio.io/rev: istio-tenant-a` label: Ensures that any new pods that get created in that namespace connect to the {SMProduct} 3.0 proxy.
+

> .. The `maistra.io/ignore-namespace: "true"` label: Disables sidecar injection for {SMProduct} 2.6 proxies in the namespace so {SMProduct} 2.6 stops injecting proxies in this namespace, and any new proxies are injected by {SMProduct} 3.0. Without this label, the {SMProduct} 2.6 injection webhook tries to inject the pod and the injected sidecar proxy will refuse to start since it will have both the {SMProduct} 2.6 and the {SMProduct} 3.0 Container Network Interface(CNI) annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. The `maistra.io/ignore-namespace: "true"` label: Disables sidecar injection for {SMProduct} 2.6 proxies in the namespace so {SMProduct} 2.6 stops injecting proxies in this namespace, and any new proxies are injected by {SMProduct} 3.0. Without this label, the {SMProduct} 2.6 injection webhook tries to inject the pod and the injected sidecar proxy will refuse to start since it will have both the {SMProduct} 2.6 and the {SMProduct} 3.0 Container Network Interface (CNI) annotations.
```

+
[NOTE]
====

> Once you apply the `maistra.io/ignore-namespace` label, any new pod that gets created in the namespace connects to the {SMProduct} 3.0 proxy. Workloads can still communicate with each other regardless of which controlplane they are connected to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you apply the `maistra.io/ignore-namespace` label, any new pod that gets created in the namespace connects to the {SMProduct} 3.0 proxy. Workloads can still communicate with each other regardless of which control plane they are connected to.
```
